>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	00:03
Hello.

>>Mike McCarthy	00:08
Hey, Mike.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	00:09
How's it going? Pretty good.

>>Mike McCarthy	00:11
How are you doing?

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	00:12
Doing very well, Mike. Thank you so much. Good.

>>Mike McCarthy	00:17
Yeah. Don't have too much. Just wanted to jump on just since we haven't talked, but we did get a project manager lined up. We had our first meeting and then they switched something. So they canceled the one this week and then next week they're giving us more of a roadmap of the larger scope of this project. So that's when we'll bring back up these topics and talk through what they're envisioning, what their timelines are, why we think integrations could help expedite that timeline and help us not have to build some of this that we're doing, getting their opinions on having the rules in our system, as opposed to Docsumo or utilizing it for, because obviously some of the purposes might not make sense. Like if we're paying that much for every single document, when we're talking about a document of our own contracts to extract that information, that might be a different solution than say our stipulations, like the driver's license, insurance registration, where that can be done a separate way. So that's kind of where we're at right now. I'll be advocating for whatever the fastest solution is and to get us to where we need to be and hopefully to at least get it to that point. And I know that'll be the first time I'm talking to the project manager on this. So we'll have those communications and then I'll try to push them into at least jumping on another call with all of us, kind of going back over the demo, having them ask the much more technical questions that I wouldn't have.

>>Mike McCarthy	01:57
And I think a lot of selling it will be a kind of explanation of what work is required from us and what work is going to be done on your side.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	02:08
Got it. Got it, Mike. Thank you so much for that context. I really appreciate it. And I just wanted to check, I think you were also evaluating another vendor, parallelly Docsumo as well, which was specifically building this for you. Is that still in the race or have you like evaluated?

>>Mike McCarthy	02:24
Same thing. I mean, we've gotten to the same point that we were at when we stopped all conversations while we were getting the project manager put together. So I'm sure the project manager will want to, you know, look at all opportunity and resources that we have to us to see which one fits best. Sure.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	02:43
Makes sense. So would it make sense for, and thank you so much for jumping on the call, I really appreciated you taking out the time and giving me this update. Would it make sense for us to maybe schedule something for maybe late next week, maybe on 17th or 18th of July or the week after that, maybe mid in third week of July, just so that we can have a catch up and you can maybe introduce the project manager to us And then we can have a initial preliminary call and then set the expectations from there on onwards.

>>Mike McCarthy	03:12
Yeah, I would say go ahead and just do it for two weeks from now. And if things are moving faster than that, in terms of wanting to get something on the books to schedule for a demo and what or discussion with that person, then I'll just reach out to you and then we can always move it forward. Sure.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	03:30
I'm scheduling it for 24th of July at the same time. It is 10th July today. So I think that should work.

>>Mike McCarthy	03:36
Yeah, that's fine. Awesome.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	03:39
All right. Thank you so much, Mike. Thank you for jumping on the call. I appreciate it. And if there's any changes, let me know And I'll make sure to get back to you in a flash.

>>Mike McCarthy	03:46
Sounds good. Talk to you later.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	03:48
Thank you. Bye bye.

