>>Mike McCarthy	00:00
Yeah, so I did receive the Nda. I just got to print it out as I'm used to docusign and stuff. I don't have a printer here, so I got to print it out and get it done. But I think the next steps, so obviously, we do our due diligence and check in on a bunch of different opportunities and where that might best fit. We have another one that we're looking at as well. For both of you guys, we are collecting information of some data samples so we can get a more personalized demo of what that looks like and capabilities and the differences between the two so we can better assess what would work better for our particular needs. So I think we have a meeting internally tomorrow to talk through the best way of what data we want to provide and what questions we want to extract from that data or see what can be done. So we're going to do that and then provide whatever that is to them and to you so that you guys can put together a demo for us to show us if you can accomplish what we're looking for. Perfect.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	01:11
Also, Mike, a bunch of questions there. Would you be open to sharing the other vendor that you're looking at so I can go ahead and give you comparative differences in terms of how we differ from the vendor that you're evaluating us against?

>>Mike McCarthy	01:26
Sure, I don't mind. You probably wouldn't have known about them, though. They're not to market yet. I know them from my previous position and working with them in a different capacity, but they are auto -specific. So that's what they do. They're called Drively, D -R -i -V -L -y. And so they are creating automation and AI for back of office, specifically dealerships, but it also correlates to the same type of things that we need in the refinance space. So they already have a platform built specific to stipulations needing to be fulfilled for auto -refinance, like extracting data off driver's license, insurance, all those types of things. But they're also able to do the other things that we had discussed as well, where we can give them unformatted data of lender sheets, rate sheets, state sheets, and be able to extract that information and fill in whatever it might be, a checklist or whatever for that particular deal.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	02:35
Got it. Got it, Mike. No problem. I will still try to research Drively and then try to create a competitive differences sheet between us and them so that it is easier for you to value it.

>>Mike McCarthy	02:49
Yeah, that'd be great.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	02:50
Second, just wanted to also check, Mike, what does the timeline look on this? You have the meeting tomorrow. I think by the end of this week, you'll be able to have some samples that you can send us and the other competitor probably next week for a demo. Does that sound about right?

>>Mike McCarthy	03:07
I would think so. I'll probably know more tomorrow. So you feel free to email me tomorrow afternoon, give you the results of that meeting. I don't know how long it's going to take them. I don't know if they're concerned with redacting information and stuff like that. So depending on how that meeting goes, what we decide we need to consolidate in terms of data for the examples, we're probably going... Well, I shouldn't say that until I talk with all of them because they're on our data side and they'll be facilitating this. We'll be giving suggestions, but something along the lines of let's pick our two different lenders and a bunch of different states and applications for those lenders and then provide the lender data, the state data, those application examples with the approval data and the rate sheets that correlate to those and then provide a list of what we would hope to see be able to be extracted from that.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	04:02
No, makes sense, Mike. That would be ideal. Just wanted to check if it would be a bad idea for us to set something up as a placeholder for next week for the demo. Even if it doesn't happen, we can just move it around.

>>Mike McCarthy	04:16
Yeah, that's fine.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	04:17
What time can we kind of just... I'll just duplicate this invite.

>>Mike McCarthy	04:23
Yeah, that's fine.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	04:24
Time works for you next week? Yeah. 19th March or 18th March, same time? Yep. I'll set it up for 18th March, which is exactly one week from now. And I'll just go ahead and send across. Perfect. I have duplicated the invite. Hopefully, and this is going to be a placeholder. So even if you're not ready or there is some more pre -evaluation that you need to do, we will be more than happy.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	04:57
Happy to oblige And then we can just move it around without a problem. You can suggest a new time, let us know on the update and for the other half, I'll check in with you probably tomorrow or the day after to see how was your meeting, what was the response, probably the day after so that I can also give you some time for the dust to settle a little bit And then we can decide on the next steps by signing the Nda and receiving these apples from you.

>>Mike McCarthy	05:22
Okay, sounds great.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	05:24
Fantastic, Mike. Thank you so much for taking all the time and jumping on this call. Is there anything else I can help you with? Nothing.

>>Mike McCarthy	05:30
It's good for now. Perfect.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	05:32
All right, Mike. Thanks.

>>Mike McCarthy	05:34
See you next week.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	05:35
See you soon.

>>Mike McCarthy	05:35
Bye. Bye.

