>>Min Park	00:00
Way. You eventually make your peace with it. Yeah, if you're there for two weeks or a week and a half is the worst because you get fully adjusted and then it's painful coming back. Long trips, but like short trips are fine because you like sleep in the cars, like you go from meeting to meeting. Thank you for your time. I really appreciate you all getting on the phone. I just had your thing up and just lost it. I have a few questions and a comment. Comment being, I can't get my legal folks to really focus on this at all until after the holidays. Rgc is just completely out of pocket. I thought he was going to be able to work part time. He could do like little things, but like to do a full evaluation. So I apologize. If we get this thing over the line, it's just not going to happen. Well, today's July 1st, but you know, I apologize for that. But that's part one. I hope you understand. No problem, but we are trying to get there.

>>Rushabh Sheth	01:10
Anyways, we have kept 14th July as a kickoff date.

>>Min Park	01:14
I think, say that again.

>>Rushabh Sheth	01:18
14th of July.

>>Min Park	01:19
I think that if we can get things settled, I think that would be a very good start date. So again, I'm getting it all prepped. Monday, when they hit the ground, hopefully they'll get processed as soon as possible. So the thing I want to come back to you guys about is, and thank you for sending the SOC 2 stuff. That was really helpful for me. But honestly, it's going to, our counselor and compliance will have to review it. And just to let you know, our compliance and we're a really small team. So that's something just to keep in mind. Do you want me to share the link on chat with you? Yeah, I had it up And I don't know what I just did with it. So I apologize.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	02:20
I have just shared it on chat. If you want, I can share my screen and we can run through it as well. But I've like shared it on chat.

>>Min Park	02:26
Yeah, there we go. Boom. So a couple of things. And first, just appreciate that flexibility on the pages or not. So that's not lost on us. But I do want to better understand the page count. The cost went down a little bit, but it's really like the variable cost went up quite a bit, it doubled and the page got cut in half. So we're having like a $2 ,000 savings. And I kind of get that. I appreciate what you guys try to do on the flex there. I am trying to push back on the platform fees. And so, and I'm hoping you guys can be able to work with me here. And it's not that I'm not trying to negotiate against myself, but I'm not gonna say that the company doesn't have money, but the company is very cautious about money. And this is something, this is just a good to have for us. Because right now we've been processing it. We've just been, I've been just getting Stefan and Vishal to read as these things come up. And I just want to be more proactive and give them the tools to be a little bit more effective in their workflow. And so for us, yes, we might have money to actually pay, but I don't have a fixed budget. So I just have to go to my committee and I always get budget for add on stuff. So if I can get flex, they're very tacitly approved. If I can get the price down, they didn't give me a number, but I know what they're thinking in their head, because they're not dumb people.

>>Min Park	04:12
So if you can help work with me a little on the platform phase, I think I'm not going to have a major challenge. And then really the issue is going to be just, it's not an issue just to get my attorneys comfortable with the deal. I know this isn't a big contract. This isn't like a half million dollar engagement or so I get it. There isn't that much flex because there's fixed costs up front. I totally get that. So I'm negotiating myself, but if you can work with me a little on that. And then the second part is what I did understand is there's, I get it. There's no refunds. Let's repay. I'm totally okay with that. But the reason why we're paying

>>Min Park	04:58
quarterly, and the reason we're paying the fixed fee up front, the setup fee up front, is that after quarter one, if there's a major issue, we could cut the contract at that point, correct? Or does the contract run for the year? Because what I'm looking at it says, if I just look, yeah, not an attorney, but just looking at the details, it says the contract runs from July 14 to July 14. There's no refunds. Then there's a renewal at the end of the year. But there should be some sort of a cancellation clause before each payment. Am I missing something?

>>Rushabh Sheth	05:46
So Min, at least, so here's the like, if you were to probably like price this as a pure services contract, where essentially, like, leave aside, like, imagine we were not a software company, we were just like selling services where we had like two people use whatever out there in the market with the just giving you a clean data table back hosted on some service that you can then refer back to, this would easily like per hour, like essentially, like, we would go into like one, one dev, one customer success manager, like I think one this thing, like we would go into about like, 300 $400 per hour. So essentially, like the thing is that on the platform side, like on the pricing, I don't think we would be able to change anything like, like, basically, the thing is that the first year is the commitment, like if we were to just structure this as a three month engagement, something around like 15k per month, for the time of like two or three people who will just work on this and deliver this, because that also is like not resources in us what resources in India working on this, like one engineer, one, so one like lead engineer, one support engineer and one thing that itself would run into like, let's say 5k per person in times three times three.

>>Min Park	07:12
So it was like a three month engagement.

>>Rushabh Sheth	07:15
Yeah, all of this is just it's just we're doing this just because on books, we basically get valued on the subscription piece and not on the even this will show up as like a downgrade year to year on our books, because like year two, year three, you're just retaining. So if, if, like, we are absolutely okay, if you want to just directly like do it as a one time we charge like the first year as a component, we put it as a services fee, which is fine, like, but essentially, then you're paying it out at three months to charge us 15 grand a month.

>>Min Park	07:53
And the cost is exactly the same. Or but basically, you're stretching this out and say, it's not like a year engagement, we're still gonna do all the work up front. So we're just structuring the payments over. Yeah, got it. Okay, that's a fair argument. Yeah. Look, I don't want to waste your time. I apologize for bringing you on the phone again. I just want a clarity before I go back to my committee. So I understand this better.

>>Rushabh Sheth	08:16
Yeah.

>>Min Park	08:16
Okay.

>>Rushabh Sheth	08:17
Because we're like, yeah, the service is like if because we did services at the start. So that's how this engagement would otherwise happen because it's just that

>>Min Park	08:29
This we are doing this because we are a SaaS company and we are sort of like you want to show recurring revenues rather than transactional revenue. I get that it's much better for you to raise capital that way. Um, yeah. Okay, that's, that's a very fair argument about what Okay. So what you're basically saying is, it's we're structuring out of the annual payment because you're a SaaS business, but really the front end of the work is what's going to happen. So after one quarter, it's hard for us. Oh, we paid 18. We're done because the bulk of the work's already been done.

>>Rushabh Sheth	09:06
Yeah.

>>Min Park	09:06
All right. Yeah, that's, that's a Okay, that intuitively, I didn't think through that well enough, but that makes a lot of sense. Okay. And then you're saying on the platform side, it's very challenging on pricing.

>>Rushabh Sheth	09:20
Yeah. And like, again, if we want to just structure it as one year, we are fine. Like, we can just do like not put your two, your three, and then you just put the data into snowflake or something like that.

>>Min Park	09:32
And but like, we can do the migration and do a put on Yeah, another platform, but that's just another cost.

>>Rushabh Sheth	09:39
And yeah, exactly.

>>Min Park	09:41
Once we are familiar with the UI, why would we want to do that for a couple grand? And I'm not saying you're more expensive, I would rather pay just a more consistent sake. Okay.

>>Rushabh Sheth	09:51
And it works. Because the thing is that we know that you will have queries in year two, year three, because

>>Rushabh Sheth	09:57
Because your loan portfolio is going to remain. You will want to reference back on sort like typically like if there is some some some loan in that portfolio that you want to refer back to and go back to a certain value for that particular loan, you will need that reference ability like essentially the main value is that being able to exactly pinpoint where in that document to be able to query in natural language that particular document like no one wants to read like I think your packets are pretty large, so you will be able to query across the whole thing.

>>Min Park	10:33
When you query something and you you you identify a field, does it take you to the bounding box of the document? Oh, it does.

>>Rushabh Sheth	10:42
It does.

>>Min Park	10:44
And yeah, I wasn't familiar with that. Okay.

>>Rushabh Sheth	10:47
It does multiple references also. So if you have like, especially if you have put rights mentioned two, three times across this, you know, have multiple links, it will it will refer to multiple things.

>>Min Park	10:59
And then let me ask you this. As far as once we go, let's say we're in year two, we're paying the $18 ,000 platform fee. Yeah. Would would that allow us to if we're trying to chase down another field? Would that just be a variable cost on top of that? Or would that be included in the platform fee?

>>Rushabh Sheth	11:22
No, no, that would be very well, essentially, it would rerun, we would have to rerun depending on the data will still be sourced, you're not going to do any more ingestion, correct? No, no, we won't do any ingestion. So if it's like something you're adding, like a one column or that, like it wouldn't be a challenge. But essentially, if we have to, you're adding like more than 510 columns, then we will have to hit that because then we're taking engineering time.

>>Min Park	11:51
Yeah. Well, again, I just want to understand that's a variable cost not included in the package. Okay.

>>Rushabh Sheth	11:58
So you're primarily built from no, no extraction, no more sort of like, yeah, this thing primarily just consumption of the extracted data.

>>Min Park	12:08
Okay. Um, all right, that that makes sense. I would ask you to just take a look at the maybe year two, year three platform fees, if there's nothing you can do for me there, that would be helpful.

>>Rushabh Sheth	12:19
We discussed like, this is already at 25 % like it would be very hard for me to justify it. Rather than putting a like a having a downturn, like this thing to just do a one year contract and do it like that and just having the tail there, I like the optionality.

>>Min Park	12:40
So okay.

>>Rushabh Sheth	12:41
Yeah.

>>Min Park	12:42
Um, we have one other question And I'll let you go. We have another side project.

>>Rushabh Sheth	12:47
Sure.

>>Min Park	12:47
It's small. It's a much smaller side project. So I'm not sure how familiar you are with the US venture, but typically, there's a requirement for companies to an Irs filing card for a nine a statement. So we have a lot of four or nine a statements associated with the companies that are on this register. One of the things we're hoping we want, we would like to take a look at is to ingest all those four or nine a statements, and then create like a time series for valuations for all the companies.

>>Rushabh Sheth	13:25
Makes sense.

>>Min Park	13:26
So we have, you know, we have 3000 companies, each company has, let's say, five or not five or nine a statements. And then you can just say, you know, you'll be able to say, and obviously not everyone has the same years, but 19 2010, 14, 17, 18, you'll, you'll say, this is the common preferred a four or nine a, and then you can do a trend analysis on it.

>>Rushabh Sheth	13:50
Sure.

>>Min Park	13:51
If we do a side project, will we just do a new contract or we just add to this? How would, how would you, how would you think about that?

>>Rushabh Sheth	13:57
We can take it up as another contract, like basically let's just get started with this. So that 14th, we do have a big scope and we build this out, but what would be helpful is similar to this one. If you have that, is this in that same structure, like in that same Sharepoint drive per company, do you have the four or nine also?

>>Min Park	14:22
Yeah, this makes sense. Yeah, we could, we could, we need to pull that data together, but that's something that another person on my team has been trying to do. And so I think you might've met him, Jack. So that's, that's something else,

>>Rushabh Sheth	14:38
But yeah, we can, we can do that as in fairly doable. Essentially you just need, we just need, essentially what you're saying is per company, you just have one folder with four or nines, and then we just create another table called four or nine table where each row is company, and then four quarters.

>>Min Park	14:59
I think it's really straightforward compared to this, this is a little more complicated. Like I said, the first part of this preface is like, we got your stuff, thank you, I have to have my counsel look at it, I can't sign anything until they do. That's where we're at. Is there any more details on the contract language or is this it?

>>Rushabh Sheth	15:22
This is it.

>>Min Park	15:23
It's really straightforward and I get it, but I was wondering, is there like 30 pages backing this thing up? Okay. All right, that makes it easier. Your explanations on, and look, I really appreciate you guys working with us. I'm not trying to nickel and dime you, so that's why I'm not, and I get it, it's not a big contract, so thank you for considering. So anyways, and I understand the payment structure and why it's not a pure subscription because I think we're on the same page. Last question, I guess on pricing, should we go over that 100 ,000 page marker? What is the variable cost on a page basis? Because if the variable cost is higher, then I might as well pay the extra 2000 and just keep it at 40 million and not worry about it.

>>Rushabh Sheth	16:16
That's what I'm saying, like if that's a better thing to purchase, because then you don't have to worry about it at all. So yeah, there's like, that's why we had like sort of put it that way, because we knew that there is no calculation that you can run on the page count. It's just basically you just push out whatever and not have to worry about like, am I processing 100K or like 240K, it's like almost like 2 .5 times for additional like 2K.

>>Min Park	16:50
Yeah, why don't we go ahead and do that? I'm going to go back to the previous contract, I apologize. And then we'll go to the previous contract, and then I have the two, year two, year three platform fees that we're allowed to cancel at the end of the year.

>>Rushabh Sheth	17:08
Yeah, that is possible year two, year three, if you basically move that data into Snowflake or somewhere else and essentially don't want to use the platform for the cross referencing bit, you can just cancel it at that point. So that's absolutely fine.

>>Min Park	17:24
That's great.

>>Rushabh Sheth	17:25
We'll include that also in the language so that you have the option of canceling after year one.

>>Min Park	17:32
That works. Yeah. Well, thank you. I don't want to keep you on the phone longer than you need to. I know you have other things to do. So I do appreciate you guys on short notice, and we are still targeting a June 14th launch. I just have to have my attorneys look at it on the 7th, and when they're back, I'll get I'm getting it to them. I don't just know when they're going to be.

>>Rushabh Sheth	17:56
And we will set up one call with at least with Vishal next week.

>>Min Park	18:02
Yeah.

>>Rushabh Sheth	18:02
Because if like before the call, I think signing, we are pretty confident you guys will sign and come through.

>>Min Park	18:08
Unless there's a major hiccup, which you know, and I think they're going to have, you know, and then yes, there shouldn't be a major hiccup. I think certain things that they're going to have to make sure is rights, disclosures, whatnot. Obviously compliance about I saw you talk to documentation, they'll need to get their hands wrapped around that. But our biggest concern is just the privacy side of things.

>>Rushabh Sheth	18:39
Yeah.

>>Min Park	18:39
The data that we hold is extremely, extremely private, and each of them have their own confidentiality agreement.

>>Rushabh Sheth	18:48
Yeah.

>>Min Park	18:48
And so any leakage of this information could be very, very detrimental to us. Yeah. So and that's why initially, one of my attorneys was like, no, we're not going to work with a startup, because I'd rather just go work with it. You know, Aws, or, you know, an Ibm platform, I was like, yeah, but Ibm with their data warehousing platform costs like a billion dollars, you know, it's like, I couldn't afford that. So we're trying to get the requirements we need at the budget we have. But I hope you guys can work with our counsel and get in comfort with that.

>>Rushabh Sheth	19:24
Yeah.

>>Min Park	19:26
Okay. I'll make the changes for the order form and send it across to you. Chasity, you're not coming through. Can you not hear me? No, there's like a, you're really quiet with a slight reverb.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	19:44
How about now? Can you hear me now?

>>Rushabh Sheth	19:46
Perfect.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	19:47
Awesome. So I was just saying that I'll make the changes to the order form with 240 ,000 pages at five cents, and then we'll send it across to you. And then.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	19:55
Let us know if you have any questions or legal team has any questions. We'll be more than happy to jump on a call if required and make sure that they're completely satisfied with the Infosec process and everything is in place.

>>Min Park	20:06
Great.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	20:08
Awesome.

>>Min Park	20:09
Thank you very much, guys.

>>Rushabh Sheth	20:10
Thanks.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	20:11
Thanks, man.

