>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	00:00
I'll just open up the pricing in the background.

>>Rushabh Sheth	00:02
Yeah. And have we given them a sandbox or something?

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	00:10
Nope.

>>Rushabh Sheth	00:13
Got it.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	00:14
We've asked that if you want like a workshop session, Mike is here. Hello.

>>Rushabh Sheth	00:22
Hey, Mike.

>>mike williams	00:23
Hey, Mike.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	00:24
How's it going? Good.

>>mike williams	00:26
Thanks. How are you guys?

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	00:28
Doing very well. Thank you so much. Is Alden also going to be joining the call?

>>mike williams	00:32
I believe so. I believe so.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	00:34
And how's the New England winter coming across?

>>mike williams	00:38
It's good. It's definitely feeling like it's here. I mean, it's, I don't know, I have some faith that we'll get a little bit more of the mild fall weather in the next couple of weeks. I know next Thursday it's going to be possibly in the fifties, which will be a little bit of a reprieve for us, but woke up this morning and it was like 22 degrees and all sorts of frost. Yeah. That was, yeah. Just just at night last night, early this morning, I got up to go for a run.

>>Rushabh Sheth	01:20
In New York, which is like still not gone below zero. Yeah.

>>mike williams	01:24
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I that's that that's my metric for true winter is, is the zero. Are you a big fan of winter, Mike? I have, I enjoy winter. You got to find your ways to enjoy it, you know, be that indoor activities or like I enjoy skiing and that sort of stuff. So it's good to, it is good when you're able to find something that's fun that you can safely do where it's that cold.

>>Rushabh Sheth	01:56
But I wouldn't have imagined that being on the shore would get so cold. I would assume that because of the sea, it would be like warmer.

>>mike williams	02:07
Yeah. I think that's, that's generally true, but we, we get some pretty fierce wind, but we'll, we'll still get.

>>Alden Pelletier	02:14
It actually, it's actually seems colder when, when we hit the dead of winter, you get on the ocean and it's actually colder, older towards the shore. Yeah.

>>mike williams	02:25
Cause we get that, we get that nor 'easter, northeasterly wind, all that energy that pulls down from Canada. Yeah.

>>Rushabh Sheth	02:35
Yeah.

>>mike williams	02:36
Good.

>>Rushabh Sheth	02:38
Hi guys.

>>Alden Pelletier	02:40
How you doing today?

>>Rushabh Sheth	02:41
Good. Good.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	02:44
Doing fine Alden, hopefully we have an update and we get better, but overall we're doing good.

>>Alden Pelletier	02:52
Excellent. Yeah. We're, Madison, we're, we're still kind of sitting in a, in a, in the same spot as of our, of our last call. Yeah. We're haven't made, you know, really any definitive decisions, you know, yes, yes or no. We're also preparing our, our budget for, for next year, which is going to be a big, you know, deciding, deciding factor. I, I don't really have too many specific, specific questions, Mike, did you have anything? I know we were, you know, we're, we're trying to, it's hard for us to, to, to, to wrap our heads around, you know, the, the, the case pricing, you know, versus a per page pricing and, and evaluating these different solutions But I'll let Mike jump in here.

>>mike williams	03:52
Yeah. So that, that was, that was a element where, I mean, we had told you guys a little bit in the past that we had, we were exploring some other solutions and looking at some stuff as well. And we're still in the, kind of the, the beginning phases of getting some pricing from others as well. But with regards to just, and we've, with some of the agentic sorts of solutions out there, there have been some of it's apples and oranges a little bit where, where your guys' case is much more, more buttoned up, if that makes sense, where it's just a.

>>Rushabh Sheth	04:33
So that's why we wanted to like the same thing that we discussed, like, we really want to like make that try before you buy sort of this thing, because we understand the use case overall, both in terms of budgeting, we are pretty confident that you will see that automation rates like touchless rates, because again, like we don't take these things lightly, like you can check our G2 reviews to see like this thing. So, overall, what like basically from us also to prepare what would be great is that, essentially, like, if we can, if that proof of concept is something that can basically make it easier for us to start working together, then we can sort of look like just try that out, because then you really are not sort of committed to it. Because us or anyone else, you would sort of need some sort of way to see if this is what you want to bring in and like because we like our retention rates are like 120 % like we don't go down like we we know that once you adopt us, it will like it goes two ways like most of our customers are from 2021. So this is their fifth year running. So essentially, like, I don't know what would help us to sort of get over that hurdle. I think Alden, you mentioned that speaking to the owners of the company to sort of like put this in front of them. So we can also explain this and on the case pricing for case pricing, understood. Overall, like it really like you wouldn't get a cheaper solution than this, because even if you do on a per page basis, it will end up more expensive for you.

>>Rushabh Sheth	06:23
So you're like, basically end up taking that uncertainty of like how large that case would be and just price it based on the outcome on like how much otherwise would your team be spending time on each of these sort of process. So that was the rationale behind it. But I understand that it's not exactly the same pricing metric that you might be looking at while evaluating others.

>>Alden Pelletier	07:18
Yeah. So it's more of the other guys aren't ready with their full proposals versus, you know, us. You know, I just you guys did a good job. You're quick. More of a point. It's more of a point solution, but it's in line with I think with what we're looking to do. I agree. If we were to try your proof of concept, I think it would we'd find significant value. We're just making sure we're covering our basis. And until we get all of that information together, we're not going to be able to make it. Makes sense.

>>Rushabh Sheth	07:56
Alden and how many what other like, if not the name, like how many solutions are you considering? What would be the like, when do you expect to sort of your back from them? Because I think that also is one of the other things that we have realized being in this business is promptness, like you don't want a team which like they are applying to like, essentially, like, for us, it's easier to sort of figure this out in like a month or so. Time is of value. So I don't know when by when do you want to sort of bring some technology in and a partner in. But essentially, like for everyone, it becomes easier if you sort of like time box it, see if there is like a yes, no.

>>Alden Pelletier	08:40
We're getting close. My estimation is the beginning of December, we're going to be in that position to, you know, have all have all, all of our options available. And I think, you know, we probably may be in a case in next week with Thanksgiving. You know, we're already towards the end of the week here. I think next week's going to be be tough, you know, just from a processing standpoint, we're kind of, you know, putting out fires, we have both Thursday and Friday off as a company next week. So we're cramming, we're cramming a lot into a limited amount of time. So that kind of pushes us into the first couple weeks of December. I've got a couple of meetings between this afternoon and tomorrow, which which I plan on getting some some other finalized pieces. But, you know, we are, you know, part of the consideration is.

>>Alden Pelletier	09:32
Is is the promptness, you know, and you know, your follow up in and that's all being noted. So yeah, I, I'm sorry that we don't have an answer, you know, for you, for you. Yeah. You know, unfortunately, we've got to do our due diligence, but that is a factor, you know?

>>Rushabh Sheth	09:50
Oh, yeah. Please, like I completely understand where you're coming from. And I actually do appreciate because like, for us also to engage with someone like we actually asked them, what else have you looked at? Because that's like, also important in terms of seriousness, okay, like, you really want to make this technology change. So absolutely, like, I think, take your time, we will come back once you are ready in December to see. But like, we would like absolutely love if we can, like, if this moves forward, we can speak with your exec team to see if this is in line with that.

>>Alden Pelletier	10:29
Yeah, that's I'm kind of thinking, well, once we get, you know, who these, you know, the final players are, and you're obviously going to be one of the ones that you know, I'm going to, you know, after me and Mike have kind of done our due diligence, we want the, the experts to do that final presentation. And, you know, that's right, guys. So I'm, I'm in, in line with you, we want to give you that opportunity to awesome, then, then,

>>Rushabh Sheth	10:59
Yeah, we can reconnect after Thanksgiving. That sounds absolutely fine.

>>Alden Pelletier	11:03
Absolutely. I appreciate it, guys. I'll reach out for sure. I don't think it's, you know, I don't think we want to set a touch point here. Certainly, if you haven't heard from us, you know, send us an email, follow up with us. But, you know, I'm going to be upfront and honest with you guys. So, you know, I'm not, I'm not just putting you off, you know, because I don't want to say no, you are, you know, we are, we are seriously considering your product and your solution. Okay.

>>Rushabh Sheth	11:28
We understand all that. And thanks a lot for today. And we'll reconnect.

>>Alden Pelletier	11:33
Thank you.

>>mike williams	11:34
Thank you, guys.

>>Alden Pelletier	11:35
I hope you guys have a great, great holiday week next week.

>>Rushabh Sheth	11:38
Like, we have been super excited because this will be our first, like, since coming to the US, like three, four years back, we have always gone back to India. Do you think like Thanksgiving in the US, this is the first time we like wear the whole front of winter plus excited about the celebrations in New York. So, the tree has grown up in this one, in Midtown, I forgot, Rockefeller.

>>Alden Pelletier	12:03
We've, I visited once, New York once in the holiday season. And it's, it's pretty magical, man. They do a good job. Like it's, you know, being in a big city, you know, we're a little more rural. So, but there's nothing like walking down a decked out, you know, city when it's Christmas time.

>>mike williams	12:21
Yeah, I can only imagine the chaos of the parade. But that would be being able to see that some of the tapings of that would be pretty unreal.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	12:30
Alden, Mike, I hate to talk shop again, but not even a placeholder for maybe second week or like first week and December makes sense. Because I just want to make sure that I don't slip it through the cracks. Just a placeholder. If that doesn't work for you can just like decline it or suggest a new time.

>>Alden Pelletier	12:47
Let's uh, let's go with the 11th.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	12:51
11th, same time? Yeah.

>>Rushabh Sheth	12:53
Awesome. Awesome. Cool, Alden. Then really nice. Mike, have a good Thanksgiving ahead.

>>Alden Pelletier	13:04
Bye.

>>mike williams	13:05
Appreciate it. Awesome.

>>Jasneet Singh Malhi	13:06
Thanks, Mike.

